So what's different compared to the web?
Well if you compare the web with a native app, in the web we have a url,
we have a url like /users at the end of our domain and then, we have a tool like react router
which parses this and which loads the appropriate container or component of our react app which should
handle this route. Now in a native app,
we obviously don't navigate around with urls, instead we might have tabs or we have a stack based
navigation where we can tap a button, we're taken to the next page and then we get this back button to
go back.
These are typical navigation solutions or approaches in native apps and
and in the end, we still want to load a page though, we still want to load some react component but we won't
to use react
router, we're not handling urls. So let's dive into possible solutions for this issue or for this
case that we can't use our web solution and let's find out how these solutions then work.